Feature/metrics improvements (#16)
SUSE/hanadb_exporter: docs/METRICS.md

# Metrics file

This document explains how to create/update the used metrics file in order to provide to the hanadb_exporter the required information to run the queries and export the data.

# JSON format

If the metrics file uses JSON format ([metrics.json](../metrics.json)) these are the available options
to create the correct structure:

Each entry in the JSON file is formed by a SAP HANA SQL query (key) and the metrics/additional information (value). The additional information is composed by:

* `enabled (boolean, optional)`: If the query is executed or not (`true` by default is the `enabled` entry is not set). If set to `false` the metrics for this query won't be exported.
* `metrics (list)`: A list of metrics for this query. Each metric will need the next information;
* `name (str):`: The name used to export the metric.
* `description (str)`: The description of the metric (available as `# HELP`).
* `labels (list)`: List of labels used to split the records.

> * `value (str)`: The name of the column used to gather the exported value (must much with one of the column of the query).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `value (str)`: The name of the column used to gather the exported value (must match with one of the columns of the query).
```
